Silvia what about?
How are you?
Well, very much thanks.
We've heard a thousand times about SEM,
but I really think there are few
people who understand exactly what
it consists of.
Okay, so let's do it simple.
SEM is Search Engine Marketing.
We also talk about SEA, Search Engine
Advertising.
And in Christian is all advertising
in search engines.
There are two main search
engines in the world, Google and Bing.
How much more or less
Google searches?
Depends on who you ask.
But more or less of what we notice in
customers, between a 90 and 95 percent
is Google and the rest is Bing.
One important point is that
Bing users usually have
a higher conversion ratio,
but we'll see it later.
SEM is the
activity that allows
you to respond
advertising to
user searches.
These are three elements
in search engines, directly
on the Google or Bing search
results pages.
It is a paid activity, which is paid
per click.
We are talking about PPC or CPC models,
cost per click.
And third, the goal is to correctly
respond to the search with
an ad and generate traffic
to a web page.
When a user in a search engine,
mainly Google, makes a search,
we will use an example of
Sastre Madrid or Dress Measure
Madrid.
There are companies that pay
for coming out.
And they appear, when we look at
the computer, in the first four links,
they appear with an ad that consists
of two titles of 30 characters
and a description of 80.
And then every time the user who
is browsing Google clicks on
that ad, the company that has
hired that ad pays for that
click.
actually is.
And it's easy to understand this, but
how much do you pay or based on what you pay?
Payment is based on three criteria.
First, it only pays if the
user clicks.
That is fundamental.
You don't pay to appear.
Second, it is a market of supply and demand.
That is, that there are searches,
keywords, that have more or
less search volume.
This affects the cost that will
be paid.
And third point, there are more or
less advertisers who want to appear
there too.
If you want to appear in a search
where there are a lot of companies
willing to pay a lot of money for
being, then the auction will be more
expensive the click.
actually is.
The minimum price is one euro.
In Spain, it is at least one hundred
euros.
That is the minimum price.
There are keywords that
can cost 10 or 12 euros.
It is a world of trading and auction
according to a number of algorithms
and key points to consider.
well is.
So, to finish, how is it
used to hire this?
It is contracted in the case of Google
through the Google AdWords platform,
which is a free-to-access
platform.
You need to have a Google
account and possibly a
credit card.
well is.
I will explain that in Google
AdWords what you were talking about
the auction, when you select the
words or searches where you want
to appear and basically informs
you of the rank.
It gives you a first idea.
Google gives you many tools and one
of them allows you to see a little
the volume that there is of this search.
It even gives you keyword ideas
and more or less what level of
competition we are at.
A lot of competition, little
competition and an idea of the auction
he would recommend.
Google recommends it.
You have to be a little careful.
But it is to have a first idea
and allows you to make estimates
of budget and eventual cost.
and Genius.